It's all space.
You good, girl?
We're live.
We are live.
You sound good.
I don't know.
The intro was horrible, but just say hi.
Hi.
I understand that we had quite the on-ramp
filled with obstacles to this particular
program.
It is pretty stormy,
as you can see in the background.
And if I have just been sitting here
and looking stupid, well,
I didn't know what else to do since
we didn't know that the
intro had finally played and we are now
live but welcome to the ocean studio of
the Yahowah blog you can tell this is
a live streamed program and we don't
always know how it's going to work out
even with our best efforts it is a
very beautifully uh stormy day i happen to
uh personally love
rainy days.
I like the blustery wind that comes with
it and the temperature change that's part
of it and this whole experience in the
tropics when you go from the bright
sunlight to the stormy skies and then even
have the opportunity for some liquid
sunshine.
It is really what makes the tropics so
beautiful.
It causes the greenery that you see all
around me.
And
We just happen to love it.
And one of the advantages,
and I don't want to rub it in
for those who are living in cold climes,
but of rainy and stormy days here is
that
We still are in the mid-eighties.
And so the rain is warm and it's
like a caress from the sky.
So it is a wonderful experience and we
are delighted to be able to share it
with you,
which is why we try to have at
least one or two programs every week.
from our ocean studio,
even if we fight the elements from time
to time.
And this may be one of those where
the sky is let loose and it starts
to rain.
And if it does,
that is okay with us.
We will make the proper adjustments.
In a previous program from our Ocean
Studio,
we were focused on the message that is
presented in Dabarym.
Dabarym means words.
It is the actual name of the final
book of the Towrah.
Towrah means guidance and teaching.
It's the first five books of Yahowah's
testimony to us.
It has been renamed Deuteronomy for
extraordinary inappropriate reasons in
Greek.
I hate using that name,
but sometimes I have to say it just
so that you know where we are in
the text.
The body opened with a profound prophecy,
one that very few people have been willing
to consider,
which I've had to to live with here
for the last twenty four years.
So I decided it was appropriate to share
it with you,
which is that it announces that in the
last days and we are certainly now in
them.
We're only eight days, or excuse me,
eight years away from Yahowah and Dowd 's
return.
It's going to happen in twenty thirty
three.
We're at year five nine nine two.
Yeah.
As we sit here in the final days
of twenty twenty five.
Uh,
twenty thirty three will be your six
thousand.
Yeah,
if you're a Jewish and you think that,
no,
it's a different year because of the
rabbinical calendar.
Uh,
that calendar was designed by Maimonides
based upon the number nineteen and the
sanctification of the moon.
And it was based on the timing of
creation.
So he was off depending on how you
want to look at it, either by.
fourteen billion years or by a hundred and
ninety seven years in terms of the actual
timeline beginning with our uh exiled from
the garden and in six thousand years from
the time we were exiled from the garden
which is as important we will return to
it and that the dates are actually readily
discernible uh from the Towrah itself and
from the prophets so that we know
that in year zero,
Adam and Chawah were sent out of the
garden, that two thousand years later,
which is fifty Yowbel,
Abraham and Yitschaq climbed Mount Moriah to
celebrate Pesach, where Yahowah said,
I will provide the lamb and did so
with his beloved son, exactly Yowbel,
later in exactly the same spot.
on exactly the same day of the year
with Dowd , David, God's beloved son,
our Messiah and King,
fulfilling Passover as the lamb and then
his soul carrying our guilt into Sheowl
to
deposit it there and never to be seen
again so that we could join him as
the firstborn children
of God on Bikuwrym .
This gives us a great understanding of
timing because in five fifty five BCE,
Dowd as Gabriel,
God's most courageous and compassionate
man,
visited with Daniel in Babylon to tell him
the exact date that he would fulfill Chag
Matzah, his first three spring Miqrah,
in thirty three CE,
establishing that as year four thousand
YAH.
and then of course forty Yowbel from thirty
three c e which is uh forty times
fifty or two thousand years brings us to
twenty thirty three which will be year six
thousand yeah and just as the first three
Mow'ed Miqraey were fulfilled and year uh
thirty three c e or four thousand yeah
we will find that the
final three Miqraey which are chag Sukah
will be fulfilled in year six thousand yah
which is why we know their dates as
September twenty three and twenty four for
Taruwah in twenty thirty three the second
of October six twenty two p.m as the
sun sets in Jerusalem when Yahowah and the
messiah Dowd will return and then of
course on the second of
of October on, excuse me, seven days,
five days after the second of October ,
I should say,
which is the seventh of October ,
also is Shabbat in twenty thirty three.
We will be allowed back into the garden
to celebrate Sukah for a thousand years,
restored to the conditions that were
experienced in Eden.
These are Yahowah's most important dates
and he wants you to to know them.
Now, because they
chapter of Dabarym in the Towrah,
spoke of this arrival of a Nakry,
of an observant foreigner during the last
days,
and said that he would be responsible for
restoring this final remnant of Yisrael,
doing so on Taruwah ,
so that they might return to the garden.
We have pursued this toward the end of
the chapter,
and now we are recognizing that the nation
that
Ha-Nakry , this observant foreigner,
has emerged is going to receive a horrible
jolt.
It's going to be treated very much like
Sodom and Gomorrah that it has become.
And this is important because it is the
same nation that the Nakry has emerged
from,
which is the United States of America.
that will be responsible for betraying
Israel.
This is made very clear in the seventeenth
and eighteenth chapters of Yasha'yah Isaiah,
such that we know that the current
president of the United States,
Donald Trump,
happens to be the great betrayer.
He is the person that Christians would
identify as the Antichrist.
He is demon-possessed.
And so as a result of betraying Israel,
which is what the United States will
ultimately do,
it did so yesterday in the UN resolution.
It is doing so today as they meet
with MBS of Saudi Arabia and the White
House.
And it will continue to do so through
Shabuwah of next year,
which is the twenty second of May twenty
twenty six,
which is the last possible date for the.
two-state solution to be imposed to make
Israel indefensible.
We know the timeline,
and God has provided all of this
information for us.
And in telling us about the belligerence
of both the Torahless one,
this great betrayer of Israel,
and his nation, God says that,
like Sodom and Gomorrah,
this is what's going to happen to America.
He said, brimstone, with its
purifying blue light,
sulfur bearing the stench of decay,
and salt, sodium chloride,
the element which kills plants and yet
preserves the flavors of food,
will change the composition but not
consume this entire country,
the totality of this land.
Nothing will be sown,
no seeds will be dispersed or planted with
no yield, and thus no first fruits,
no children or family,
and nothing will sprout up.
And along with all of this,
vegetation will no longer rise,
similar to the destruction of Sodom,
which is scorched, and Amorah,
the manipulative,
tyrannical Gomorrah of Sodom,
Admah, the reddish ground, and Zeboim,
the swelling of the adulterous,
which Yahowah destroyed in his resentment
and in his hostility.
Dabarym words never should have been
called Deuteronomy.
There are powerful insights in this,
and we can see them being conveyed to
us even with the storms brewing behind us.
Brimstone and salt upon the earth is
indicative of nuclear holocaust.
This time,
Yahowah won't have to rain down sulfur.
It will happen as a result of the
United States acting so belligerently
towards both, all three really, China,
Russia, and Iran.
all of which are nuclear powers,
all of which are going to hold the
United States accountable for its
belligerence.
And America is going to be badly wounded
as a result of this.
There are likely other things that will
occur.
It could well be a massive volcano
eruption that would be the result of, say,
the cauldron of Yellowstone reemerging.
It could also be a volcanic eruption in
Carne Viejo,
the islands off the coast of Africa,
one of which
is a volcanic island where the entire
side, the western side of that slope,
is exceedingly unstable.
One day it will definitely fall into the
sea.
And when it does,
it's going to create a tsunami that would
salt the...
eastern portion of the United States,
which would also fulfill this prophecy
because that tsunami would be some five
hundred feet high and race across the
Atlantic at the range of some five hundred
miles an hour.
So this is going to have a profound
effect on the United States.
I see Rich as our producer's got his
thumb up into the wind trying to decide
if it is going to rain and we
need to cover our gear.
May not seem like much,
but we have somewhere between five and ten
thousand dollars of equipment that is
ultimately exposed when we do a program
like this.
We've invested heavily to bring a
professional product to you through the
Yahowah blog,
even if the host himself doesn't appear at
times.
So this is indicative of what's going to
happen to the United States.
And the United States is only mentioned
because in Isaiah,
it is the country most responsible for
ultimately betraying Israel.
And what happened and Netanyahu played
right into the prophecy that when he did
what I said he would do and not
and should not do,
which is to
enter Gaza militarily with the intent of
disarming and eliminating Hamas what i
told him i told Israel in an open
letter at the time that if you do
this you will lose not only the war
but you'll lose Israel uh and that you'll
make a bad situation worse because an
Islamic foe
that celebrates martyrdom and death in an
entirely Islamic enclave cannot be
defeated with bullets and bombs.
You have to fight Islam differently.
And the best approach is to read and
capitalize upon my five volumes of goddamn
religion,
which is free at
at yadayah.com so that you know your enemy
and attack them appropriately.
And I gave Israel a five-point plan that
if they followed,
Israel would have prevailed.
But it ignored that plan and used one
that essentially destroyed Gaza,
did not eliminate Hamas,
and turned the entire world against
Israel,
isolating and demonizing Israel such that
Israel now has become a vassal of Donald
J. Trump.
And recognizing that Trump is the
Torahless one,
the great betrayer that was spoken of
throughout the prophets as the literal
incarnation of Satan,
that is a horrible position to put Israel
in.
And this is why...
Yahowah has had it with the united states
and and is going to ultimately see to
it that it is destroyed now he's not
going to have to do anything America is
doing this to itself but nonetheless
America is going to receive what it
deserves for having become like Sodom and
Gomorrah i mean you have a president that
has
obviously been a pedophile and a rapist
who is accepting bribes, who is a thief,
who is a liar,
who acts in a manipulative and tyrannical
manner like Amora.
What would you expect?
And you have Magas who support him and
a nation that has turned and become
exceedingly anti-Semitic against Israel
with its influencers.
This is what God says you brought upon
yourself.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
As it relates to the swelling of the
adulterous,
that is really interesting because
ultimately the solution for this remnant
of Israel and forty percent of Jews
worldwide actually live in America is.
is that the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah on Taruwah ,
this bloody red man of the earth who
has become so productive,
is played out according to Numbers XIX for
the benefit of Numbers V and the
adulterous woman.
And it is the swelling of her belly
when she drinks the waters that will be
released from the Temple Mount beneath
the...
the incineration of the body of the Adamah
Parah, which will be on the Temple Mount,
and the waters will come from beneath the
Temple Mount,
to purge Yisrael of her religious guilt so
that the remnant can,
and the Jabba the Nakry can return to
Yahowah and witness his return,
that
Her belly will bloat if she is unworthy.
If she cannot be trusted to enter the
millennial Shabbat where we return to
Eden, her belly will bloat.
And if she is worthy,
then she will have child again and be
productive.
So that is what that reference is
discussing.
So should the salting of the land be
a result of a natural event?
And I think it is.
I think it's the tsunami that is going
to be so devastating to the United States
when I think it's Carne Viejo is the
island that that the side of that volcano
tumbles into the sea.
Of course,
it could also be the effect of an
earthquake.
In fact, an earthquake,
I hope it doesn't happen in this region,
but we are on a fault.
It would also cause a tsunami to hit
the United States.
But there are other reasons for them.
And, you know, hurricanes season.
We've had a number of the worst hurricane
seasons recently.
And although they passed this island
because the Malak are protecting my home
per Yahowah's instructions,
the fact is that they bring enormous waves
of water inland,
and this could be a part of the
problem as well.
But the big part of this is that
the United States has contributed to the
final solution,
which is the abandonment of Israel and the
creation of a terrorist state carved out
of its midst.
And as a result of that,
America will receive what it has given
out.
And since it has now been infiltrated with
Muslims, it will endure what...
Muslims do.
For fourteen centuries,
Muslims have perpetrated apartheid and
genocide on Jews,
and there is no reason to expect that
they will do any different going forward.
So the pre-Nazi era in eighteen eighty
seven was the seventh worst year for
hurricanes in American history.
Having turned away ships of Jewish
refugees, the U.S.
would be in the eye of the storms
again in nineteen thirty three and
nineteen thirty six during the beginning
of the Holocaust.
with those years ranking as the second and
eleventh worst in American history.
Then,
during the rise of the Islamic assaults
against Israel,
where America not only funded but armed
these Muslims,
we find in the year of nineteen
sixty-nine,
when the rage against Israel reached a new
zenith as the eighth worst year.
In nineteen ninety five,
the sixth worst year for hurricanes,
the US brokered the Oslo Accords,
and that's when they were signed,
legitimizing the fake Estonian authority,
the PLO, if you will.
It was the same time that Bill Clinton
refused to sign a bill that would have
listed Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
These storms, born of the sea,
comprised of salt and synonymous with
Gentiles,
took a vicious toll in two thousand as
Clinton sought concessions from Israel to
appease the Syrians,
the fifteenth worst year for hurricanes in
the United States.
Then in two thousand and one,
two thousand and three and two thousand
and four,
upon the heels of the second in Fatah,
intifada as George Bush announced his
roadmap to peace or two-state
hallucination to appease the Muslims the
u.s experienced his fourteenth tenth and
thirteenth stormiest years in history with
the cost of Ivan alone telling over
thirteen billion then in two thousand and
four Charlie and Ivan
inundated Florida,
costing a staggering thirty one billion.
In two thousand and five is the United
States forced Israel to cede control of
Gaza to Hamas.
That was the brainchild of George W. Bush.
And evacuate the settlements in the West
Bank,
making Alaska flood in two thousand twenty
three possible and collectively severed
the Israel's connection with that
territory and buffer in that territory,
serving as the first of the steps towards
narrowing Israel at the waist,
which will be part of this final solution.
Americans suffered their single worst year
for named storms.
going through the entire alphabet and then
some,
with the worst tempest being Katrina,
costing the US a hundred and thirty four
billion for the idiocy of building a city
below sea level,
followed by Wilma and Rita,
destroying another thirty four billion of
the United States.
And in two thousand and seven,
perhaps as a consequence of the United
Nations demand
For an Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon
before Hezbollah could be uprooted and its
rockets destroyed,
the land housing that international
cesspool endured its twelfth worst year
for oceanic storms.
With a world led by the U.S.
contributing to ally against the promised
land,
two thousand and eight was the ninth worst
year,
culminating with Ike's twenty seven
billion impact on Texas.
Then,
as America elected its first Muslim born
president,
U.S.-Israeli relations digressed to their
lowest point since the nation's formation
and infuriated and anti-Semitic Barack
Obama told Israel that they would
face complete international isolation and
opposition if they didn't capitulate to
his demand to give Jerusalem and the West
Bank to the Islamic terrorists.
America was consequently besieged by a
rapid succession of ocean born beasts with
the rapid progression of storms in twenty
ten, the tenth worst season,
twenty eleven,
the fourth worst season and twenty twelve,
the third worst season on record,
all taking their tragic toll,
salting the land.
The costliest onslaught would then follow
with the succession of Harvey,
Irma and Maria occurring in twenty
seventeen,
while Trump was proposing the sale of one
hundred billion dollars of advanced
weaponry to Saudi Arabia.
He would later instruct his administration
to vote against Israel for the first time
in the United Nations,
denouncing their presence in the Golan.
The following year,
Trump would reverse course and support
Israel.
So I find it interesting that in August
of twenty nineteen,
I was less than one hundred miles from
the eye of the second most powerful
oceanic storm in recorded history.
Dorian,
a cat five hurricane with sustained winds
above one hundred and ninety and gusts
exceeding two hundred and twenty five
miles an hour.
The great Abaco in the northeastern
Bahamas,
where I had intended to be on that
day with my boat.
Virtually every home was destroyed and
thousands of souls were swept into the
sea.
With the storm surge of fifteen feet and
massive waves cresting above it,
the land was cleared and salted.
Dorian's eye had been expected to make
landfall just north of Fort Lauderdale and
would have destroyed my boat on the
intercoastal had it not abruptly changed
course and turned north a few minutes
after I reminded our father.
that he had promised to protect my home.
And may there be an understanding of this
correlation, because I was, of course,
relieved.
And since no storm of this magnitude has
ever stalled and changed course so
abruptly,
going from due west to due north in
a ninety-degree turn just fifty miles from
landfall,
potentially destroying the Florida coast.
America's position on Israel,
even though fleeting and capricious,
likely played a factor.
Speculating further, the Bahamas,
as previously part of the British Empire
and now overwhelmingly Christian,
has not been kind to Jews.
And the Haitians living there,
who represented the vast majority of those
swept out to sea,
have been poisoned by a voodoo culture
that has rendered the community especially
corrupt and virtually unsalvageable and,
of course, exceedingly anti-Semitic.
Now,
what happens next takes us into the
future.
Far too few people know and use Yahowah's
name today, circa twenty twenty five,
for Cole Goyim,
all the Gentiles of every nation to
express it, even in a question.
After all, if they knew Yahowah's name,
chances are they would know why this was
occurring.
And hopefully this book that I have
written,
these
A series of thirty five called No Yahowah ,
Yada Yahowah .
Those who have become come to them and
read them and who have listened to the
many thousands of radio programs and now
audio blogs that we have done.
will be better prepared.
They will do as Yahowah has instructed.
They will focus their attention on the
pronouncements of Yahowah ,
and that will serve to educate and
enlighten them as never before.
And so there will be a significant number
of Gentiles that will respond favorably.
Now,
considering the fact that Moshe was
speaking of an event nearly three thousand
five hundred years in his future,
Regarding the people and culture speaking
languages he could not possibly
understand,
there is another potential here.
Kol,
which is typically rendered every or all,
could speak of most, majority,
or just many.
Rather than translating Goyim as Gentiles
or nations,
it could be addressing non-Hebrew
ethnicities,
those estranged from or opposed to Israel.
religious and political individuals or the
nation's cultures or religions in which
they congregate as such gentiles of every
ethnicity seems like an appropriate
translation of qole goyim further as Asher
my yellow lab who is more white i
guess than uh than yellow who was a
puppy when i first uh
made this translation and is now a more
mature
a young dog, not so much young anymore.
I guess Asher is almost nine years old
now.
She's looking pretty good though,
thanks to Rich's help.
But nonetheless,
Asher and I were walking along the beach
in the Bahamas one morning when we met
a very nice Bahamian man who worked God
into almost every statement from good
morning God to we are all God's children.
And while he did not know Yahowah's name,
God, as he imagined him,
was his highest priority.
He knew that he existed.
He knew that he was responsible for our
existence,
even that he had a plan for our
lives and that he wanted us to know
him and relate to him.
So since Moshe knew his name,
he may have posed the following question
from his perspective,
using his vocabulary rather than that of
the goyim.
Moreover,
this question seems to imply that it's one
nation in particular,
or at least one region,
which will be devastated,
one which is of great concern to the
world at large.
And if that is true,
then it is likely that of HaNakry ,
this observant foreigner.
His nation is indeed a great distance from
Israel,
of great concern to every nation on earth,
home to the greatest concentration of Jews
outside of Israel,
pervasive language on earth English it is
also the nation rebuked in Yasha'yah Isaiah
for its role in narrowing Israel and
arming her enemies such that the war
becomes inevitable so listen this is what
Moshe revealed as inspired by Yahowah then
gentiles of every ethnicity will question
For what reason has Yahowah acted in this
manner towards this country?
What has caused this intense animosity,
this great antagonism?
The body words never should have been
called Deuteronomy twenty nine.
Twenty four.
Now,
apart from the use of Yahowah's name up
to this point,
these are just questions most might ask.
In fact,
people are always looking for someone or
something to blame.
Catholics continue to blame Jews for
killing their God.
Muslims blame Jews for their lack of
success.
Not the Jewish lack of success,
the Muslim lack of success.
The conspiratorialists blame Jews for that
which they themselves are guilty of doing.
And socialists,
secularists blame Jews for oppressing
those
who are actually terrorizing them.
It's a pretty confused world out there,
isn't it?
Beyond this,
until more people consider these
translations and resulting insights,
it's hard to fathom how Gentiles will come
to realize that Yahuwdym, Jews,
are reaping the consequences of neglecting
Yahowah and His covenant while also failing
to appreciate the prophetic nature and
purpose of the first exodus.
Said another way,
since the following conclusion is correct,
a significant number of goyim will become
aware of who God is and what he's
doing and why he's engaged in this manner.
The positive aspect of the next eight
years,
which are going to be the worst in
human history, which are going to...
Be so destructive.
The prophets say that there is nothing
like it in the history of the world
in which we are going to experience the
annihilation of much of humankind.
The death of two out of every three
Jews.
And they're going to fare better probably
than Goyim fare.
There's going to be world war.
terrible calamities, economic collapse,
absolute chaos.
And as these things happen,
people are finally going to say, oh,
obviously I can't trust my politicians.
Obviously I can't trust my religion.
Obviously I can't trust my military.
I can't trust my economic system.
Who am I going to trust?
Because the world is literally falling
apart.
People are dying everywhere.
And this is a time when more people
from more places,
are going to recognize maybe it is true
that there really is a God,
that the Towrah is correct,
that his name is Yahowah ,
and that this HaNakry is indeed speaking
for him,
and that we need to learn what he
is saying, consider it, and respond to it.
So this is the plan.
God says of his people that during the
time of Israel's troubles,
this last seven years, beginning May,
and running through September,
that this is precisely what is going to
happen.
That Israel is going to recognize that
they cannot rely on Judaism.
They cannot rely on their political
parties.
They cannot rely on the IDF.
And as such,
the only one they can turn to finally
at long last after abandoning Yahowah
during the Exodus is to return to Yahowah .
So it's going to have a positive,
cleansing,
therapeutic effect on God's people.
Also, based on what follows,
logic dictates that the nation being
destroyed has a name.
It's the United States of America,
the God of their fathers,
and being led out of Egypt,
references apply only to Yahuwdym Jews.
Over forty percent of the worldwide
population of Israelites,
at least those who acknowledge themselves
as such, live in America,
which represents two-thirds of those
currently living outside of Israel.
Further,
since there does not seem to be another
candidate writing about such things on
behalf of Yahowah and the chosen people,
the nation in which all of these books
and the radio programs were written and
spoken,
at least up to the point that I
left and have ventured out to sea,
has been the United States.
Fire and brimstone comes.
You have become Sodom and Gomorrah.
You betrayed Israel.
There is a consequence for your actions.
Moreover, they will say,
Regarding the way to the relationship,
they either neglected or they rejected the
covenant with Yahowah ,
the God of their fathers,
which he established with them by them
bringing out,
by bringing them out of the realm of
the crucibles of religious and political
oppression.
The body words in the Towrah should never
have been called Deuteronomy twenty nine,
twenty five.
To know this answer is to, of course,
understand the very nature of the covenant
and the purpose of the exodus.
While it's right,
currently less than one in a million are
aware of what Yahowah revealed.
So this is not common knowledge,
at least now,
but it will be when Yahowah returns.
It is nonetheless true.
And speaking to the remnant of Jews living
in America who are unwilling to
leave political Babylon, which is America,
Moshe is reminding us that they remain
estranged from the covenant that Yahowah
established with their fathers.
And that's in part because they have not
made the connections that we have
throughout Yada Yahowah ,
that the exodus from Egypt was a harbinger
of the final trip home,
quite literally the final solution for the
real Jewish problem which is estrangement
from god the final axis will be from
Babylon the commingling of religious and
political lies with the truth far too many
years have passed it has been far too
long and truthfully really it goes all the
way back from the time of Dowd's initial
reign as king of Israel three thousand
years ago
such that God's people have a Zab.
They have neglected and or rejected their
place in the covenant.
And the God who offered it to them,
they have erased Yahowah's name.
They have changed their name from Yahuwd,
which means beloved of Yah, to Jews.
It means nothing.
They deny the Towrah and prefer the Talmud.
They have been harassed and abused by
those who covet and claim what they have
squandered.
There is one thing worse, of course,
than neglecting and or rejecting Yahowah
and his family,
and that is chasing after and serving
false gods.
And yet, sadly,
this has become mankind's proclivity,
with virtually everyone pursuing and
working on behalf of gods conceived by
men.
And in the case of the largest two
religions in the world,
God is no bigger than a man or
stone.
And of course, in Judaism,
they've turned Hashem into the voice of
the rabbis.
It's sad, isn't it?
The Towrah proclaims,
but they pursued and they served other
gods.
In addition to verbally explaining their
allegiance with them.
These are gods with whom they were
unfamiliar and which are actually
unknowable.
in opposition to Yada ,
negating and dividing them,
deceiving and dispersing them,
dividing words, Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
De
Paul admitted he was demon-possessed,
and he wrote the first fourteen books of
the Christian New Testament.
He's the one who invented Iosu Christou,
who is nothing but a counterfeit of David,
stealing his titles,
and in the process stealing the
inheritance that was due to Yisrael and
Yahuwdym,
while claiming that Jews killed the
Christian gods so that they need to be
dehumanized and demonized.
Why does the world accept such a stupid
religion?
Why does the world accept Islam?
I mean,
that's got to be the dumbest religion
ever.
A religion that wouldn't even exist if
rabbis hadn't sold Muhammad Talmud
readings,
which he incorporated into his Quran to
make it seem religious.
I mean,
Allah spends all of his time in hell.
He is the ultimate dunderhead.
Muhammad was no more a prophet than he
was a turnip.
He was a horrible man, a rapist,
a pedophile.
He was a slave trader.
He was a ruthless terrorist and a
committed liar, a thief.
Why does the world believe such stupidity?
Why are there some five to six billion
people that are caught up in such absolute
idiocy?
And why do these religions all turn on
Jews, abusing God's people?
disparaging them.
Of all the things which must aggravate and
annoy Yahowah ,
it's hard to imagine anything worse than
his creation's propensity to create and
worship false gods.
Claiming to know him,
claiming to speak for him,
claiming to be inspired and authorized by
him,
clerics the world over have ignored his
testimony and written lies and promoted
frauds which have poisoned the minds and
corrupted the souls of billions upon
billions of people through
Christianity, Islam, and Judaism.
It must sicken Yah when anyone does such
a thing,
especially when they forcefully impose
their faith.
But it must cause him incalculable grief
when his people advance these corruptions
and when the resulting concoctions are
used to plague Israel and Yahuwd ah,
particularly since it was Jews that
created all three of those religions,
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Oh, what a travesty.
Can you imagine being God and having done
so much for humankind,
looking upon your creation and finding no
one receptive to you,
no one willing to listen to what you
have to say and offer?
And worse,
imagine the most powerful and influential
civilizations, religious institutions,
and militant nations such as Imperial
Rome, the Roman Catholic Church, Islam,
and now the United States of America,
vociferously contending to be godly,
with devastating consequences for your
people when they're more like Sodom and
Gomorrah and they are the ideal of the
covenant.
And so the animosity of Yahowah against
this nation,
against this land will bring it all of
the harmful consequences that were written
in this scroll.
The body and words should never have been
called Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
There will be volcanic eruptions and
earthquakes.
And, of course, there will be World War.
And in this World War,
there will be atomic conflagrations.
You should expect utter destruction of
much of the United States,
certainly its cities.
And it didn't happen to be this way.
But, heck,
You elected the Antichrist.
What would you expect after that?
The Towrah presents a balanced presentation
of commendation and condemnation,
of credits and, of course, debits,
of love and its reciprocal, hate,
of good and bad,
such that we are aware of the consequence
of our choices.
If we choose Yahowah ,
if we act upon the conditions of his
covenant,
and if we accept his invitations to meet
with him,
we will receive the promised benefits.
If we negate all of this, well,
of course we will die, neglected by God.
And if we constantly lead others astray,
deceiving them, then we'll be convicted,
we'll be incarcerated,
consistent with the Towrah's guidance in
this regard as well.
So as we turn to address Moshe's next
statement,
unless something is uprooted in a manner
which shows
great care for that which is being
transplanted.
And unless it is immediately and
appropriately replanted and watered,
it will die.
What once grew is like a weed plucked
completely from the ground whose roots are
exposed to the sun and wind and thus
incapable of growing again.
These would be weeds, therefore.
And Yahowah , He will uproot them.
He will pull them out of the ground.
from upon their land in frustration and in
antagonism,
then as if snapping a twig in anger,
he will throw them into another land
consistent with this day.
I think that Yahowah is, of course,
speaking of the remnant of his people that
are in America that should know better.
And
You know,
Jews in America typically fall into three
groups.
You have about.
Forty percent of them that are super
secular to the point of being Marxist,
exceedingly progressive politically.
You have thirty,
forty percent of them that are either
ultra orthodox or heretic,
which is nothing but parasites.
And you have.
Those in the middle, good, decent people,
bright, industrious,
but they don't know Yahowah .
And that needs to change.
Now, fortunately,
Yahowah has arranged for four chariots for
Taruwah .
And one of those, the red chariot,
is going to stay in Jerusalem.
It is the place for the Adam up
where all the bloody red man of the
earth is going to offer his Basar body
as the means to purge the returning
Yahuwdym and Israelites, even Goyim,
of their religious guilt.
A black chariot will go and will remove
All of the Yahuwd and the Israelites who
are still religious,
those dressed in black, for example,
those who sponsor the blackness and the
darkness, the gloom of Marxism,
he's going to remove them and take them
away, but not to a favorable outcome.
And then there will be a white chariot
that will bring those Yahuwdym and
Israelites from around the world who hold
promise,
who are not so poisoned by religion and
politics that they're guilty only by
omission, not commission.
They're those who have been stained by
religion and politics,
not the perpetrators of it.
And they will be brought to Jerusalem
where they will be purged, readied,
if you will,
to receive Dowd as the Messiah and God's
return on Kipurym and enter the
millennial Shabbat to celebrate our return
to the garden.
And then there is the dappled chariot that
will go amongst the nations and will pick
up the goyim who have the right attitude
and aptitude to benefit from what is
transpiring on Taruwah in Jerusalem.
So remember this day.
And know that on it, there were still
Many stuck in Moab,
the modern manifestation,
which is politically correct,
multicultural,
as a milieu of socialist secularism and
Pauline Christianity.
Who's your daddy is the meaning of the
name.
Most Jews remain in this place,
embracing the former while harassed by the
latter.
Most Jews remain uprooted and will
occasionally on this occasion die.
And some will die in this place,
other will be carted away.
And not unlike what occurred
and Europe is going to get very rough.
in route to this time.
So there is a tendency for English Bibles
to butcher the concluding statement in
Dabarym.
For them,
it is as if Yahowah was revealing all
of this for absolutely no reason other
than for his bemusement.
These type of translations read,
the secret things belong unto the Lord our
God.
That's the King James,
the New American Standard Bible,
and the New Testament.
The NIV, the New International Version.
Or the Lord our God has secrets known
to no one.
We are not accountable for them.
That would be in the NILT,
the New Living, not a translation.
why would God keep secrets?
Why bother with forty prophets over four
thousand years if the main prophets,
twenty of them,
over a thousand years that we have their
recording text,
why bother if God wanted to remain hidden
and unknown,
if he didn't want us to figure things
out?
That's the reason I wrote the
Thirty five volumes that we offer free of
Yada Yahowah to know Yahowah .
They'd be aware of what he's offering and
expects in return.
All free at Yada Yahowah dot com.
So the new world.
Yeah, it was hidden from you,
but it was hardly a secret before it
was discovered.
So were atoms and DNA.
They have always been there and
observable, just not known.
It took the desire to know,
the time and the energy to explore,
the creation and use of the right tools
and the courage to go where most dared
not tread to find these things.
Same is true with Yahowah's testimony.
The words have been written there down for
centuries.
a very long time expressly for us to
observe them.
And by doing so,
we have discovered and shared thousands of
insights not previously known.
The fact that God's name is pronounced as
Yahowah and that the Towrah means teaching,
not law,
that there are three destinations for
human souls,
five conditions of the covenant,
and that there are
is a means to approach god through his
seven Mow'ed Miqrah particularly when
attended as intended all are examples of
what we have found by more fully and
accurately rendering god's testimony
particularly from the oldest extent
sources that issue here is that the law
is a proposition which can be rendered
concerning or approaching
but not belong nor in the manner presented
in the NLT.
So in actuality,
Moshe is addressing how the things which
are unknown prior to investigation and the
things which have been revealed more
openly work together as part of Yahowah's
eternal witness,
collectively conveying the Towrah's
teaching so that we might approach God by
responding appropriately to him.
It reads, the concealed things,
the hidden,
which are not readily known realizations,
which are kept safe and have been
protected concerning and about Yahowah ,
our God,
and the things which are revealed,
then discovered and become openly known
are for us to approach and for our
descendants to draw near forever and ever
as an eternal witness to the restoring
testimony so that we may approach by
acting upon and engaging in all of the
words of this Towrah,
this source of teaching and guidance.
The body and words should never have been
called Deuteronomy twenty nine twenty
nine.
Isn't that magnificent when rendered
appropriately?
It's always been a matter of going where
the words lead.
And that is because every word of the
Towrah leads home to the covenant to
Yahowah .
This is what Moshe knew.
This is what the greatest of the prophets
have taught.
Other than Dowd ,
no one knew Yahowah better than did Moshe.
It would be wise, therefore,
to trust his assessment of the Towrah and
its covenant.
So speaking of him, in fact, to Moshe,
and in the same book, the Towrah,
Yahowah himself said,
and it shall come to pass,
if they will not trust or rely upon
you,
nor listen to the voice of the first
and foremost,
the top and most prominent sign providing
proof.
Then they will trust and rely upon the
cold voice of the last sign providing
proof.
Shemowth Exodus four eight.
If you rejected what Moshe said,
as most Jews did because they told God
to shut up and go away.
They never wanted to hear him and see
him again.
The whole Exodus process is about
rejecting Yahowah and the covenant.
That's the story.
It's hateful.
It's resentful.
It's obnoxious.
And they didn't trust Yahowah ,
and they didn't trust Moshe.
They tried to kill Moshe.
Moshe even went to God and said,
these people are impossible.
If you have any respect for me,
you'll kill me,
rather than me having to endure them
another day.
But they don't listen to the voice of
Yahowah .
They didn't listen to Moshe.
In fact, when Moshe conveyed in Dabarym,
listen, Yisrael, Yahowah , your God is one.
Rather than listening and acknowledging
that Yahowah is one and that he is
God, they turned it into a prayer.
They speak it rather than hearing it.
And they replaced Yahowah's name with
Adonai, the Lord, which is Satan's title.
That's how far Jews are away from the
truth.
So God says,
if you're not going to listen to the
first and the most prominent of my
messengers,
then perhaps then you will listen and come
to trust and rely upon the call,
the voice of the last of my witnesses.
You're listening to Him.
You're listening to Him speak with the
storm swirling behind.
You're listening to the voice of the sea
with the sea behind.
You're listening to the voice of Yahowah ,
His last witness to His people.
How will you respond?